four three two one hey fella what's
going on hey get that quick quick fix oh
my god
it's so amazing how fast it came back to
me like the addiction of playing that
game over and over again it's a real
problem yeah yeah we've been going crazy
Jamie's been fucking me up too so today
I got lucky that he had to help you get
his shit together really kills us he's
been fucking me up yeah nice
you don't really play quick right you
just it's from playing a lot night and
stuff I tested myself a little bit cuz I
knew this was gonna happen eventually so
I had to get some practice with some
Rockets at some point and yeah but it
helped it honestly helps to warm up with
quake to play for tonight or play pub G
or something like that cuz the quick
whatever it is of aiming you don't do it
that much so like when you're doing it
three times you've already done it 55
times playing quake just in one round
right so like your global interaction
you have with someone a shotgun you
usually win so quake is so fast-paced
yeah we're playing quake 4 it's like
whoa Jesus Christ I haven't played that
game in maybe 15 years see - you know
we're never gonna do it again
I probably shouldn't what I notice is my
eyesight sucks now my eyesight is not
nearly as good it's interesting from
like 42 to 46 there's a big drop-off and
at 46 the fucking floor fell out now
it's like my eyesight's shit gamer
glasses it takes me a minute when I play
games - alright one room isn't enough
yeah it probably takes 10 minutes maybe
less but like - just trust our tracking
things getting your eyes up to speed the
distance you are away from that screen
all it takes a little bit time to get in
there yeah man it's we're right now
we're just playing it on the local area
network but once you start going online
and playing other people that's when it
gets super super addictive people that
still play that game must be insane oh
my god I don't want to be anywhere near
Psychopaths if they're playing that game
it's because they're really good at it
probably yeah you know like who else
like young kids aren't buying that game
back in the day you even had a Joe Rogan
level that somebody created remember has
how many created a level that's right
was that what game without three or four
I think was four was it really yeah four
was
eleven though didn't come out in 2011
maybe it was thirteen might have been
three wasn't wasn't right Rock arena
arena for I don't know oh my gosh I
don't remember I don't remember I know
there was rocket arena for quake 2 and
there was rocket arena for quake 3
because I started with rocket arena for
quake 2 which if you played today you
would think the graphics are hilariously
bad but it's a good game it's a little
slower the fast game was like quake 1
was really fast to quake 2 is slower and
then quake 3 became more like quake 1 a
combination of quick one and quick two
it's pretty fast quake 4 is probably
perfect miss it and you tried to play
the new quake but you didn't you didn't
like it as much as that the only problem
is it's fun we had a good time the only
problem is you have to do everything
through their servers so it takes time
it's got a load it's like it's not I'm
impatient right I'm a fucking child
that's crazy
yeah and you you refuse to try any of
the other ones right like that there are
all just new addictions you know waiting
to happen
I just feel like once if I got one
addiction this weekend on Saturday they
had a concert in fortnight yeah
marshmallow it was crazy
yeah what does I mean I think it's it's
tough to explain what they had it's
called an event what they're calling it
a psyche an event so at two o'clock
everybody showed up at the game and this
fucking concert started it was all the
avatars are together like in a one
gigantic the normal mode you know you
played it just like normal and then all
of a sudden like two minutes to go they
took everybody's guns away and like you
all just sort of congregated around the
stage and the music started the show
started they started doing interactive
things with all the avatars and
everything and like 10 minutes later
just it cut off but it turns out it was
actually alive he he was tweeting about
it all day cuz for promotion whatnot but
people were asking like how did you do
that how did you work it out his voice
was going live to everyone who was
playing as part millions of people yeah
you know it's just normal DJ voice stuff
like hey jump guys hey was it just like
hey guys come on he wasn't interacting
too much as much as he probably does
during a normal set when he was playing
at 20,000 people in Vegas whatever it is
so when he does it he probably has like
a really
microphone to like it's not like the
microphone that you talk shit on oh yeah
yeah yeah they had something else when
we first started doing quick no you had
a type yeah that's how goofy it was you
oughta tell you couldn't talk shit like
now people are talking and like they're
all in a group together talking shit
right I have a voice changer not to but
doesn't the talking shit get in the way
like if you hear people talking gets in
the way of hearing sounds like sound
cues yes you tell your teammates step
the fuck up you can turn that off also
oh you can yeah I like to hear the
footsteps going around coming around the
corner and stuff it makes it scary yeah
it's part of what's scary about quake is
like you hear someone running but growth
and you know they're right around the
corner you can control all that it's all
up to you blood volume settings all
kinds it's very very addictive game
mm-hmm
so we should talk about this the jack
podcast because everybody got so upset
about it and let's clear up a few things
first of all the guy seems to be willing
to talk about anything it's not that I
didn't want to talk to him about those
things it's just he was being I wouldn't
say he's evasive but he was basically
just saying what he knew based on the
company policy I didn't know what else
more to ask him and people felt like I
didn't press him hard enough and he to
his credit reached out to me and said
that he would offer to do another one to
ask more questions that's cool I said
that we awesome so I said well this is
the thing that people seem to be upset
about
they seem to be upset about very
specific cases where our people showed
like if people were right-wing and they
were posting things they were banned
whereas people who are left-wing or
maybe people of different races or
allowed to post racist things or more
offensive things and even Doc's people
and didn't suffer any consequences for
it this is the argument my problem is I
don't spend enough time reading this
stuff I don't know like this is like
when people get banned like Anthony Kumi
is a friend of mine I don't really know
why he got banned I don't know what
happened I know there was that incident
with that that woman that punched him
and he wound up getting fired he was
drunk and he said a bunch of really
stupid shit on in and Twitter and then
later apologized for it but
I don't know that's what got him far
kicked off of Twitter but he's my friend
so what I'm saying is all these other
guys that have problems I don't know
what the fuck happened man I'm busy I
really don't I don't know I don't even
know what got Alex Jones kicked off
which is why I asked him because that
was one of the last platforms for Alex
Jones was Twitter but something got him
kicked off their take on it was it
they never kicked him off before because
he didn't violate their Terms of Service
and another thing that's very
encouraging that Jack said and I know
it's it's fun to get mad at things it's
fun to get mad at him it's fun to get
mad at me for it I get it I'd probably
the exact same thing I totally
understand it but one of the things that
he said was that he believes that the
ability to communicate on the internet
through Twitter or through these
platforms is a basic human right that's
how you look like I said do you think of
it like a network like NBC like if
you're on NBC they can decide what's on
and what's not on or do you look at it
like a utility and he specifically said
that he looked at it more like that that
he thought it was a basic right that's
very encouraging he also said that he
would bring on whoever it is in his team
that's responsible for these things so
we could hear from the actual person who
decides who's getting banned and why
they're getting banned and what what is
what's the decision-making behind all
these things so we can go over all of
them I didn't think the podcast would
create such a controversy but that's
probably poor prior planning on my part
because my thought about it was hey I
want it like it's fucking crazy to be
running Twitter like it's crazy that
this thing exists the president uses a
platform I want to talk about the dude
who created this and what is this like
to have this thing evolved to become
what it's become because it didn't start
out that way it started out like fun
shit like at Brian read bands going to
the movies you know I mean like that's
what people used it for and then along
the way it became this global method of
distributing information where people
use in war zones man they use it to to
tell people where attacks are they use
it for all kinds of crazy shit it's like
it's a
really powerful but strange medium I
didn't think about getting into the
weeds with all the very specific people
that got banned I just wanted to find
out why they banned people that was my
take on it I know there's a lot of
conservative voices that have never been
banned
I don't think Stephen Crowder's been
banned I don't think Serna vich has been
banned has he been banned there's a
bunch that have not been banned right so
it's not like they ban all right wing
voices so what is it I don't know what
it is I think it's what he said people
reporting the tweet and then somebody's
looking at it going well this does
violate our you know policy and maybe
you know all these people that that got
banned violated the policy somehow you
know it's probably as simple and cut
clean as that you know it's it's not
that simple right because they make
their own policies and it's also not
that simple
if people are allowed to say similar
things that are very racist in vast
generalizations about white people which
seems to have been the case and at least
a few instances where people reported
that people said fucked up things about
white people but there was no
repercussions and you know that's where
the argument becomes these people are
more oppressed and so the white people
are thought of as the oppressor so you
have this white privilege thing that
people like to use now as a reason to to
decide to like silence someone like
check your white privilege that's a
that's an interesting thing that's
happening so if if there's this genuine
movement where people think that it's
okay to say things about one race
whether you like it or not that's racism
and if you're allowing that from any one
side and not allowing it from another
side it seems hypocritical look it's
very distasteful the idea of racism
against black people in this country is
very distasteful to everybody almost
everybody who's not a racist right
because of the history of this country
because of slavery because of all these
things it's a different connotation but
if you just allow people to say terrible
things about any race it's racism you're
you are allowing up like a predetermined
attitude about a race some people have
done this they have made generalizations
generalizations racist statements about
white people the the really weird thing
that people are thrown around these days
is that you can't be racist against
white people because racism is about
power and influence it's about using
your your in the bullet that black
people are not powerful the white people
are power from the white people the ones
who are oppressed so it's impossible to
be racist against them that sounds like
horse shit to me
I'm not buying that that doesn't make
any sense it's not beneficial to anybody
to generalize this is what we got to get
in our head it doesn't matter if you're
black or if you're white or if you're
whatever the fuck you are it is not
beneficial to generalize to take a
person out of the group that we think of
as just human individuals you have to be
an individual I mean I acknowledge the
fact that people look different they
have different Heritage's they have
Heritage's
they have different the different
ancestry their different occupation
there's different parts of the world
there's all these differences but at the
end of the day the only way we're all
gonna get true equality and true kinship
and camaraderie as human beings is if we
recognize we're just all a human being
that's it there are very big differences
in the way we look and the things we
like that's cool but as soon as you you
can say shitty things about white people
or white men that leaves everybody who
doesn't fit that description guilty in
this weird way or presumed guilty
because of a racist statement that's all
it is it's not good for anybody I get it
that it's different than racism against
black people in America a country that
was built essentially in a lot of ways
by slavery there's a war for slavery in
this country and there's a crazy reality
that it's not your responsibility it's
not mine I didn't do it you didn't do it
but it's real therefore as a person
who's aware of his history the history
of this country
racism against
people seems different but it still
sucks to be racist against races against
black people rather seems different but
it still sucks to be racist against
white people
sucks to be racist against Puerto Ricans
it's not good it's not good for anybody
it's that's what we have to understand
about this social media thing what
actually did happen and what is
happening why is it happening and if
it's just some social justice warrior
ethic that you're not debating it
doesn't seem fair it seems like there
should be a conversation about this and
I bet they're super reasonable really
intelligent people and it's possible
they can come to a good place that we
can all agree to that is possible I'm
not a cynical person I'm sorry I know a
lot of you like folk through them they
just won't through so just want that
guess what they already have it they
have more money than they could ever
spend and my dealings with Jack as a
person he seems like a very nice guy and
a very smart guy and and a very
empathetic guy I just think he's in a
crazy unmanageable situation to be
running something like Twitter yeah and
there's probably people that did
something that they should have done in
terms of silencing people moving things
around it's probably happened it's a
weird thing when people have influence
over people and there's there have been
videos have been proven where executives
from a bunch of different social media
corporations have talked about how to
silence certain voices how to push down
certain voices this is something that
needs to be discussed like is this as a
policy as a whole is it you know is it
because you you think you're pushing the
right message like as soon as someone
thinks they're pushing the right message
but they don't have it there's no debate
about that right they just decide our
ways the right way and they're pushing
this and there's a radical opposition to
that message from half the country like
it like it but you like nobody know but
this is the one that's in control of the
narrative
this is the one that's in control of
social media it's this far left-leaning
ideology and the other part gets pushed
aside that's a very bad situation for
all of us because there has to be
conversation there has to be
debate because if there's not it just
Shores up the differences between two
people and they fucking hate each other
even more I did not take that into
account and I fucked up that's my
mistake
that is my mistake when I made that
podcast but I didn't take it easy on him
because I didn't want to discuss those
issues I just didn't think enough of it
in advance I'm not as involved in it as
other people are I'm aware that their
censorship in social media I'm aware my
my ideas going into that conversation
were more about how insane this method
is for distributing information for the
people that have been banned and for the
people that were fans of the people
they're banned I can understand whether
it be upset at me it has nothing to do
with any preconceived notions that I had
it's just how the conversation took
place it's all it is and if you felt
left down by that you didn't feel like
it was it extensive enough I'm more than
willing to do it and go further into it
and we're going to and Jack offered it
and he's gonna bring someone else who's
gonna explain things to us I think this
would be very beneficial for everybody I
also think that there should be a road
to redemption I think if you've got
something that's important as Twitter or
Facebook or Instagram if you're not
stealing someone's stuff like you know
you're using copyrighted music or
something on an Instagram page or you
get banned over and over again for doing
it but you keep doing it if it's not
something like that if it's if it's an
ideological difference if maybe you
crossed a line that they decide it was a
line you should be able to work your way
back you shoot there should be a way
where you can sign up again I mean like
get a new email address I don't mean
that I mean be the same person you
should you should be able to be the same
person there should be a way but there
should be different levels definitely
every but people fuck up man they they
fuck up and they make mistakes right and
people also grow I mean there's this guy
that was on Sam Harris's podcast
Christian P Collini I think is his name
he was a fucking white supremacist a
full-on white supremacist and now he is
the exact opposite he's he's like this
very progressive guy who gives speeches
on the dangers of racism in that and the
idle
ideology how it caught up with him now
if he got banned when he was a young man
and making terrible decisions and then
became a better person shouldn't we give
it a guy like that a chance to get back
in a platform right and without making a
whole new screen name like maybe it
would be I mean I don't think there's
anything wrong with the anonymous model
there's some things that are really good
about it right like people like Jack
even talked about this that people can
report news stuff and not worry about
fear of retribution that they can you
know they can whistle blow and not worry
about fear of retribution if someone's
life is on the line but they're trying
to provide a service to the general
public or they're trying to give people
information that maybe might even save
lives like could put them at risk
especially in like third world countries
or war-torn countries that could be a
huge problem if you have to post you
know Brian read ban if there's the only
way you can get this information out you
have to use your whole name but it
probably better off for everybody if
people had a way of communicating with
each other like it's just
person-to-person and I think the real
problem is when people try to engineer
these conversations and this is another
conversation about YouTube people have
said that we're deleting comments on
YouTube we're not deleting anything we
haven't deleted any comments I don't
know how it works I don't read them I'm
sure people say mean things have a good
time
the thumbs-up thumbs-down things look we
don't have to have that on there you
don't have to have comments on there
YouTube gives you the option to have
comments on and to have the thumbs-up
thumbs-down I'm not taking those off you
could have a good time with it but we're
not fucking with that there's something
that they're doing that's not it's not I
post at 3:41 and Jamie posts at 3:42 and
this is the line of the comments it's
not like that
they've got their own way of doing it
the question is why does YouTube do it
what's their what what are they trying
to do is are they trying to block out
Spain
are they trying to block out hate speech
are they trying to engineer conversation
they talk about common order comments on
no the comments disappear they go away a
lot of times it's automatic if somebody
Flags a comment that just take the
comment away until it's like looked over
upon only one person yeah on I think on
YouTube that that happens quite often
probably as little as 1 or 2 people yeah
so that is probably what's happening to
all you folks that think your comments
are getting deleted no one's deleting
shit yeah look I'm I'm not attached to
what I do in the sense that I'm
unwilling to look at what I do wrong
I try to look at everything that I do
wrong including this so if you were
upset at this podcast because you
thought somehow another I sold out
because I didn't ask him any more
questions I just asked him the questions
I wanted to ask I understand you have
more cost more questions and I do too I
have more questions too especially upon
seeing people's reaction to it and upon
you know making myself pay more
attention to all these various stories
Matt sent us a list of them some of them
are really fucking crazy there's some
crazy things people have said and not
gotten in trouble for whereas other
people said things that really weren't
that bad and got in trouble for it
why is that that's a good question to
ask so we'll concentrate on that we're
just gonna work out a date so my
humblest apologies to all of you don't
not trying to let anybody down I always
try to do my best
that's it and and also here's another
clear one no one tells me what to do
there's no one there's no secret person
behind the scenes if I fuck up it's
because of me it's my fuckup I should
have prepared more I should have thought
about it more but I didn't realize like
how upset people would be I think you
did a great I thought was a great
interview and I didn't even think of
that I thought you kind of touched on it
a little when you were talking about
Alex Jones and I think that was like
okay you know this is what happens well
it's a very specific group of people
that are upset it's right right wing
guys right it's a lot of American flags
a lot of Pepe the frogs it's all right
people which black man easily could have
been me at many points in my life easily
especially being a troll online you know
if you're working in some fucking job
and you may
can Pepe the Frog memes and you're
fucking with people I get it I get it
it's one of the things I like about the
internet look I don't I don't want to be
comfortable I'm like I don't want to be
comfortable time I want I want a little
bit of chaos I like the fact that just
people like they're like that fucking I
was upset that that radio that podcast
they took it down where they were
fucking with Shia Laveau with those guys
from 4chan
and the way they took it down was they
contacted radio lab and said those guys
are white supremacists and they support
white supremacy you know and you just
you know you've made these people that
are awful terrible people that write
terrible things you you gave them props
but the thing about something like 4chan
is no you might read some terrible
things but you got to realize you're
also reading terrible things from
anonymous people that are working at
their jobs most of the time and they're
trying to fuck with people's head and
they're trying to get people upset
they're they're having a good time
fucking with people if you want to take
them as that that's like them like
giving giving a talk to a dear friend or
them giving an affidavit in court well
you're missing the whole thing it's
entertainment like half of the whole
reason why they're doing it is
entertainment they didn't go steal Shia
LeBouf flag and go and go right to the
camera go fuck Shia LeBouf by using
coordinates from photographs of the sky
where they figured out where the fucking
where the the constellations lie and
then drove around honking their horn so
that they could locate where it was by
using the webcam and listening to how
close they got to it
I mean it's fucking genius shit and it
got taken down just by this accusation
of them being racist but the thing about
a forum like 4chan or reddit or anything
you have so many fucking people you have
thousands and thousands and thousands of
people if you just have 10 cunts posting
jokes about black people that's all you
need to ruin the reputation of thousands
of people so for someone to say that
everybody that was like fuck Shia LeBouf
is some racist and white supremacist
that's a cheap way out that's a cheap
way out I bet more likely it's some dude
who's bored and he's sitting in front of
his fucking computer and he works all
day and this is where he escapes he
escapes and types and writes things then
checks him later and then goes back to
and types thinking checks and it keeps
him sane and this stupid fucking cubicle
that's a lot of the people so they
pulled that whole amazing podcast down
because of that look what he with the
Shia LeBouf thing was ridiculous he will
not divide us come on stop stop we get a
chant that everywhere it's funny what
they did they mock something that's
their way of mocking it nobody got hurt
they made it out like it wasn't like
awful crime they committed on this this
amazing person who's just try to change
the world
no no they pranked chaila boo and they
said fuck Shia LeBouf LaBeouf
Shia LaBeouf sure he's a nice guy too he
probably did something silly it's a
little silly
he will not divide us he went what they
did was funny
it's a funny reaction I like that I like
that this is a is important part of this
thing if it wasn't for people like that
there would be no podcast now they like
to dislike ratio that you see on YouTube
videos is fascinating right because it's
weaponized and they're thinking about
trying to ban that now because so many
people use it to fuck with people I hate
to say this about you folks but every
time we have a chick on here they get
fucking torture the like to dislike
rightly it's ruthless except for Annika
Patrick separado Patrick but it's just
it's weaponized it's that they're just
going to dislike it because because it's
fun it's fun because it's fun looks down
it's also fun to throw a rock at a
window it's fun yeah I mean and some of
them probably didn't watch the podcast
like thumbs down gives them a la
disliking it gives a little bit of power
in the algorithm of D ranking it yeah
affected something and people who will
liked it there's a probably a lot of
them that didn't even watch it it's a
button you can press people were weird
you know but it's clearly it shows by
the amount of dislike that people moved
on it and they were upset about it so
it's basically we'll see there's a lot
of cool interesting questions that to
ask him like I always thought shadow
banning was a real thing but I think he
came out and said that that's not
the real thing I've seen it in my you
know in person word I'll type somebody's
name in and usually it's supposed to
come up on the you know searches but it
doesn't you know a shadow painting is if
it is a real thing like that's another
one like shadow banning for what like
give it if it's not something that is if
you're not doing something that you
could get kicked off the platform for
right you're not kicking them off you're
just pushing them down weird place but
if you're doing that like why are you
doing that like what because like but
what would be the justification from the
ones that I have seen there used to even
be a website that you could type in
somebody's username to see if they're a
shadow band so that's kind of
interesting but like a lot of porn stars
are shadow because they don't want if
you're looking up Christina Applegate
they want Christina you know apple
bottom or something like that you know
what I mean so it's it's like they're
still believe that's a thing but I'm
pretty sure he came out and said it
wasn't a real thing technically shadow
banning Justin Bieber from the training
topics right I mean they had publicly
said that that's not a shadow band
that's a strategy well no they were kind
of forced into it because Justin Bieber
was so his fans trend so hard they
hashtag the shit out of that thing and
they just took over the trending it's
probably happening for other equally
popular celebrities too like Taylor
Swift's and be on time yeah yeah yeah
you're probably right you're probably
right so whatever they're doing at
YouTube with comments and whatever
they're doing with Twitter the here's
the real conversation right the real
conversation is do we want that do we
want them to curate do we want them to
decide whose YouTube videos you could
subscribe to and who it's gonna be do
they unsubscribe people is that real or
is that a glitch yeah who knows I don't
think they unsubscribe I don't think so
either but people of let's listen if
they're willing to move Justin Bieber
from the number one trending because he
number one trends too hard and they
think it's ridiculous not to just
acknowledge that our culture there's
certain humans in our culture is
spending an exorbitant amount of time
thinking about that beautiful man
right there's a lot but why do we want
to lie and pretend that it's not as big
so if they just I'm not saying they
shouldn't
but if they did that just if they did
that you go okay are we through the
looking-glass now you can change the
data like what what do you lend when do
you decide who gets pushed here who gets
pushed there when do you decide to
definitely the trending page on YouTube
is 100% controlled by a human I don't
know if they've said that but there are
videos that should be there
they aren't based off of the data you
see yeah YouTube's got some weird things
going on with it like there's a the
videos that they go you might like type
thing they did it you might like to me a
couple months ago where it was just
videos of a guy towing cars in Dallas
like out of their parking lot and he
made these funny cute little videos with
little commentary using videos from the
security cameras anyways I don't know
why I liked it but I started watching it
I was like you know this is interesting
so I tweeted it out like random video I
just got addicted to on YouTube
everybody would like hundreds of people
like I just started watching that
YouTube recommended that to me like how
did that happen you know this little guy
with a tow truck company
he's now pushed on everybody's laps and
now he just went over a hundred thousand
subscribers the other day and it was
like months ago that he was just had
like 10 that dad that that's the
argument some people have made that
that's how fast the Paul Brothers they
grew and that they grew so fast on
YouTube that some people thought there
was something up they gained like
millions of followers within a week or
two of being on there I think they were
coming from another platform well it's
also there's coming from another
platform is giant but it's also all it
really takes is one person deciding that
whatever the fuck you did was funny or
weird or crazy like that cashew outside
girl yeah well there's that grows you
know managed by the same people that
owned TMZ and that's why you see it on
TMZ I was gonna bring up if you watch
the fire the fire festival documentary
there's an explanation of this show how
they they spread the like the fuck Jerry
guys
the marketing team spread that with the
orange picture there's a coordinated
event over hundreds of different social
media accounts for her for the Cameo for
the fire festival yeah fire fest to
catch everybody's because there are a
team of people there are agencies that
have all these influence their accounts
they pay them they don't have to accept
the money or accept
the offer except the campaign but
oftentimes they do so it's like a talent
agency on a person yeah yeah the
interest they need to share a new person
you know launch the next voice and it's
like oh here's a new song here's a new
movie it's a new way to surprise bro
it's pretty cool watching how many
people are unsubscribe to fuck Jerry and
the Fat Joe though that's yeah but are
they I looked at the other days they
have like 14 million lost 500,000 in
like a weekend really is a significant
amount I somebody really was 14.7 then
it was 14.1 haven't looked today
oh that's coming from I think of video
someone who shared this week I think Vic
burger made a video they not just spread
around and they took his video right I
maybe yeah yeah I think that's what he
said I think I saw it on Victor's page
there's a few comics I have posted
videos like hey you know fat Jew stole
this you know and I tried to reach out
they never got back to me he got 10
million what do you think about this
idea though like that's kind of piracy
you know like the end so Instagram is
allowing and Twitter's allowing piracy
well I think they're allowing these
people to post videos because you don't
really know where it came from
there's no proof right like if you find
a mean like how many times you posted a
meme I pre post whoever sent it to me if
someone sends it to me but sometimes
I'll just find it in a Google search and
you've got to figure out who made that
meme and if I find their Instagram
account then I'll try to find it and
repost it but some people don't and I
have it in the past like I did that one
with Baked Alaska got mad at me because
there was one with Alex Jones sitting in
a hot tub and it's like when your
friends are trying to chill and but you
have to keep dropping truth bombs it was
hilarious
I didn't know was his I just posted it
because someone sent it to me someone
sent it to me in a text message I think
but those things have a creator right
and I know Pete like Eddie Bravo makes
his own he makes some sometimes but
he'll send some to me or post some
online that he finds that are funny too
and everybody tries to credit the person
who did it right but now what they do is
they they take it and they credit the
person but they didn't for so long they
don't attempt their crediting fake
account so don't make
there yeah absolutely we're not getting
busted in the way you're just explained
I've seen that too well what is that
about though because that seems like
deception it's just the way around the
that's backdooring that that
qualification of it needs to be on an
account when you to point to somebody
okay well we'll point to this account
but it's not even a real account right
and if they find like they'll post stuff
and then later add the person because
the person contacts them and so they're
almost like that's omitting to piracy
like we do I mean because it's if they
just reposted it a lot of folks
including me do that yeah but they're
making the person making the money
automate more or not yeah that's
important I don't make any money off my
Instagram right they're taking millions
yeah I just I've been offered to post
stuff up and not saying that I wouldn't
if something was fuckin killer and they
wanted to give me money I'm greedy I'll
take some money but I wouldn't lie about
it and I haven't yet I've never accepted
any money yet yeah cuz it's also I think
in instagrams you know law that you have
to put that it's an ad if you're making
money off of it yeah and so that's
another thing that both fuck Jerry and
fat you are not doing they're not
putting it had is it I just wanted like
devil's advocate this though is is there
a place for them for those accounts like
is there a place to have to be the re
tweeter of the memes to be that guy to
be that account you know like oh yes it
is a curator position yeah it's kind of
valuable but the question is like if it
if it is valuable and it becomes
something almost like redistributing
your standup if you're doing a set like
if stand-up sets were you know something
that you just you could get everywhere
and you could just repost it on your
page but then your page becomes super
popular because you know all these
people stand up sets you know like a
Spotify Spotify gets ads right but they
don't really they pay the artists a
little bit but mostly they make all the
money ya know like if it's you use like
say sorry later you just do it and say
I'm sorry we'll figure it out after the
fact or you these are all figured out
business oriented things that have art
in them as opposed to art oriented
things that start making money they're
two very different things so this is not
an art thing this is they find other
people's art and they sell it they're
pushing it
to create these accounts the accounts
get giant people pass it around because
they're just finding funny things and
then they start profiting but all the
people that created all the intellectual
property gets zero money which is weird
I don't remember but I only learned more
about this when exit through the gift
shop came out isn't that what Andy
Warhol sort of did I don't know and I
don't care I mean maybe maybe he did but
the thing about it is that this is
happening right now on the internet it's
a totally different animal I mean Andy
Warhol wasn't running around taking
exact photo duplicates and putting them
on his website for sale like these this
is when someone's doing on an Instagram
page is like you could within seconds
take a piece and put it somewhere else
it's seconds Brian post something I
think it's funny huh I go to copy I go
to the fucking repost app I put it in
there repost it it's seconds later you
could do that all day and if you hire
kids I don't know he has people working
for them but if these guys do they hire
people for fucking 20 bucks an hour or
whatever and these people just do it all
day long they just find funny shit all
day long they look for certain hashtags
meme factories or what they're called
yeah yeah yeah and there's some people
like you know that have made some funny
ones all their own you know a lot of
people that are just doing that all I
know D'Elia has done a bunch of them and
then there's also ones that they do
where they steal people's act and make a
meme out of it and then post that on
their page that's where it gets even
more slippery because you're talking
about like stand-ups acts you're making
money off it how much are they making
off each post I mean I don't know but
these are multi-million dollar business
and the punch line so now you have this
ten minute joke that everyone knows the
punch line cuz they saw it on Facebook
that's like exploiter lira coin for sure
if you're still doing that material yeah
it wasn't on Netflix or a Comedy Central
special or something for sure that sucks
it's always happened though hasn't it TV
shows have been accused of stealing a oh
they have stolen it's happened on dude
they did it to Kevin James I saw it
happen
Kevin James was at the he had a
development deal for NBC back in the day
back
we were young pups both of us were like
27 or some shit maybe he's a little
older than that maybe he's actually that
was like during the Newsradio days so
we're probably like in our 30s and he
had this development deal nice
development deal they're paying him a
lot a lot of cash a lot of paper and
they were setting up a sitcom around him
so they had him do a set out of theater
in Hollywood and I was there and he does
his set and has all these writers from
various sitcoms and the very next season
one of his best jokes is on an episode
of a television show that's very popular
very popular yeah yeah yeah and they
fucking stole his bit man I guess that's
where I was going that was in the 90s so
like we're now 24 20 25 years later the
new popular medium is Instagram and
social media
yeah but different is that well it's
different because there's accountability
now because now people know that if you
wrote a meme and you put it up on your
site and then fuck Jerry comes along and
steals your shit and doesn't credit you
for it it just puts it up there you know
what they did unless someone sent it to
them and didn't attribute it to you
which is possible but it seems much more
likely that what they're doing they were
doing on purpose for the longest time
and they just did they thought that's
what you could do on the internet it's a
Wild West you could just take memes and
you could become famous and look that
fat Jewish guy did it I mean that guy
became famous whether you agree with his
methods or not it worked
he's got his crazy hair he shows you you
know like he's this crazy-looking guy
and he has all these funny memes that
somebody else wrote and they're all up
on his Instagram page and it worked and
people don't like him now there's a lot
of people that don't like him people get
real shitty with him in person they
don't want him doing appearances they
know what he did so there's a certain
number of people that go hey man you're
a thief like this is not cool like what
you did is not cool but then there's
certain people that don't care and then
there's certain people who think well
what he did was just what anybody did
back then it was the Wild West no one
thought about it and once he established
that business model and it was effective
it was probably very hard for
to slow it down or to tribute things to
people or to admit that he didn't do it
for all that amount of time it just bugs
me that companies pay these guys knowing
that they do this or like as a fat Jew
he's like he's like sign with CAA he's
signed with a bunch of comedians that he
probably took you know they're taken
from the same basket see that's like it
is weird right yeah now if he was going
on stage and doing their acts he's been
doing appearances right he's got a book
he's been on TV shows well I don't know
what nobodies didn't know he's doing
like maybe he's showing with that but
he's look he's obviously used it for
profit he's figured out a way to profit
it's weird
he must be weirded out by this fuck
Jerry thing too because he might be sick
must be sitting there going okay all
right it's um you know Comedy Central
was advertising on the fuck Jerry page
which is like Jesus folks I didn't know
yeah yeah it was like Jesus folks can I
just say it you guys down faith go over
a little history or comedy well I mean
mind him and see they don't learn then
either you know well that was while it
was happening though yeah they did learn
eventually they'd let it go eventually
but that was also because the ratings
had dropped through the floor you know
comedy is not fuckin easy to make up you
know especially like meme kind of comedy
that's done by folks that are working in
offices meme kind of comedy some of the
funniest fucking comedy on earth and
it's done by regular people it's not
like a just it's not like most memes are
written by high-level satirist at work
for The New Yorker no they're fuckin
regular folks who think something's
funny you know I think what's gonna
happen is as technology improves the
like being able to scan a photo and go
well we could tell the first time this
was every pen on the internet was from
this little girl she took a photo of it
has all the data in the picture and it's
now used on this mean that's making this
much money and this then it's gonna be
kind of broken down like you know any
kind of artist yeah yes I mean that's
the idea for the blur and the argument
for the blockchain getting involved in
here because I had tied
you cannot guess it can be in the data
in the mints like now let me ask you
this what if someone uses a picture of
your band say you have a band these a
picture of your band then they have a
funny meme under the picture of your
band who owns that then that's like the
I think Beyonce tried to get that
picture taken off the internet from her
from the Super Bowl a couple years ago
because it was like a bad picture she
didn't like how she looked in it that's
hilarious
yeah how the fuck does that lady take a
bad picture she needs to talk to her
yeah go listen it's good it's not your
best but you look fucking great like if
that shit was on tinder you know you
wouldn't be on yeah it's like said today
who if someone was paying for that meme
should Beyonce get some of the money or
yeah that's the question you would have
with like a corporation right which
should someone be able to grab photos
that are out in the public domain make
something with it and then profiting
that's the wit that's there's a lot of
bands I'm sure that's why I said dance
cuz they're like really good at
protecting copyright and their logo and
shit if you had like the kiss band logo
you don't think gene Simmons would come
at you he's coming at you with some
lawyers 100% right that's just what he's
gonna do
but it's who owns those photos of it's
like gene Simmons like spitting fire out
and I think if you took the photo and
cameras were allowed inside the event
you took it that's right but it's not
ever what did the case is though most of
the photographs are people that are
putting up they're just putting them up
online and someone takes it's like say
if you
gene Simmons spit and fire and it has a
joke about eat and hookers pussy or
something like whatever it is like
feeling make something funny there but
if that's online and that becomes this
giant meme that gets all these likes and
that's somehow another someone proper
the fuck do you profit from you from
Instagram you don't profit from
individual posts but those individual
posts would boost your signal yeah some
posts are profited Instagram yeah you
have to say add-on right that's to say
sponsored post right yeah what legally
it's supposed to but not I probably say
90% of them aren't right a lot of people
don't right especially if it's like
Instagram monkeys you can get away with
it oh yeah
Instagram models talking about T besties
yeah yeah it's a hope that the Instagram
model is a
fucking hilarious position it really is
it's powerful position yeah it's
hilarious though it's it's amazing how
many of them there are and they make
money you know it's smart it's amazing
how butts are such a big thing now yeah
and like when I was kid that no one
cared about butts it was big but you
were like dude lose some weight
yeah we talked about this before I read
yeah I said it sir mix-a-lot change the
game yeah everybody's like what oh you
like big butts hey I kind of like for
whatever reason it wasn't even an issue
like back then girls would have a giant
fake boobs and tiny flat butts and they
were perfect my grandmother would have
millions of Instagram model hits fat
bottomed girls was before that slightly
but no one really did make the rocking
world go around that's a great goddamn
song I didn't see Bohemian Rhapsody did
you did you see it wasn't that what the
fucking I was talking about I heard was
amazing did you yeah I did I'm a giant
Queen fan though I love them that's my
my number one cryogenics song when I'm
in the crowd chamber is dragon attack
because you gotta move around wondering
that too in 40 degrees below zero it's
hard to just sit still do a little
dancing in there I'd read he did a ream
a liqu I think is the actor's name that
played him Freddie Mercury did like a
job but before it happened Sasha Baron
Cohen was sort of in talks for it but he
wanted to take the character in a
different direction that no one was
really comfortable with I don't know see
that's a weird thing man you can't cuz
it's been said to that to get 'spicy
talking but you can't just add stuff my
wife yeah it's not an art piece like
Bohemian Rhapsody although it is an art
piece it's a documentary of a guy's life
like in some ways you're documenting it
right like it's supposed to be his life
you can't make up things that never
really happened or I forget what it's
like it's the difference between like a
biopic in an actual biography or a
memory like what is the difference
you're making a Hollywood movie right
but what is the difference in terms of
the story
creative I think creative control like
you like being created by something like
we know this event happened in this
event happened the day before and in the
middle what would happen where what one
is knowing only the Foxcatcher versus a
documentary about Mark Schultz like yes
parts in there that you specifically
know yes are fucked with for normally
six sake not just the parts that I know
but I didn't even talk to mark about the
movie but there was a bunch of parts
that I think he was furious about where
it made it look like they were doing
blow and maybe doing some gay stuff
it looked it was a it was a there's a
lot of weird scenes that things were
implied or it just seemed odd like how
do you know this happened unless Mark
told you and so and Mark was furious at
the end after it was released and then
on top of that I like the big one was
that they changed his opponent when he
fought in the UFC they gave him a
Russian guy when he in fact fought Big
Daddy Goodrich who's a legend like Big
Daddy Goodrich is an MMA legend he was a
pioneer he was in the early UFC's the
giant yoked black dude with the guy I
mean he would fight with the Gion he has
one of the most brutal knockouts in the
history of the sport
where he fought this wrestle Paul
Herrera and Paul took him down and they
got into a position where Big Daddy
Goodrich was lying on him sideways and
he elbowed him in the face like 10 times
in the course of like three seconds and
it's so horrific you watched in his head
just bounced off before they stopped the
fight it's fucking brutal like one of
the most brutal kales you'll ever see in
your life so this guy wasn't a just a
regular guy like you just substitute him
out and make the guy's name Tom instead
of Bob no it was Big Daddy Goodrich
that's who Mark Schultz fought when he
fought in the UFC watch this watch this
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom I
mean that guy is fucking pow pow and his
arms are trapped in his legs a trap Big
Daddy's got him in like a like a
crucifix position and it's from Paul
trying to take him down I mean that was
so that guy
Big Daddy Goodrich is a he's a famous
fighter it's not like they took some
nobody and removed him from the movie
and changed the name of someone where it
was didn't really matter it was a
historical amit event in MMA that's the
reason you think no one knows some crazy
producer i think you should fight a
russian guy because this is we're in the
cold war again baby i don't know you
feel about politics well some producer
just wanted to jizz on the soup some
writer just wanted to cut his own balls
squirt one off into the fucking stew
that's probably what happened yeah the
screenplay to make it watch better who
knows the only other thing that makes
sense is maybe they would have had to
pay cat daddy Goodrich right and they
didn't want to pay him maybe i don't
know that makes sense that makes I mean
like Mike Tyson yeah you know he had
that video game a long time ago to
Nintendo and they had to pay him do you
use Mike Tyson's punch punch out yeah
and then after like a couple years he
was like I'm dad like this and then so
now dinner was just called punch-out it
wasn't even Mike Tyson in the game
anymore they they like take it off some
new dude yeah just yeah
have you done the VR boxing game yet I
haven't done the VR boxing game but but
it looks cool like the Rocky one is that
what it is it's a whole bunch a whole
bunch of them dude they're amazing yeah
it's great like a regular boxing game
you playing on TV is so stupid mm-hmm I
mean they're fun but in comparison to a
VR game in a VR game you're boxing right
you're you see your hands in front of
you the guys throwing jabs you're
slipping you're like standing in front
of them you can catch punches with your
hands you can throw shots to the body
it's crazy you get tired doing it like
you could really get a workout doing it
it's amazing and this is it right here
this is what you would see mr. Nawrocki
when they do something oh yeah mr. T's
in it or is it just random guy with
mohawk well that's clubber lang but look
look how jacked everybody is I imagine
if people were really that jack town I
mean this is so what is that Drago and
he's fighting there's Drago versus Rocky
yeah but we can't see rock you want to
see what it looks like from your eyes
and this is a that's a regular video
game or that is the arc and this is just
a tease
they showed I guess I was looking for
the updated you want to see what it
looks like when you've got those gloves
in front of have you tried VR poll yet
no no no I like regular cool VR so great
I love it I just need to get it out of
my living room it's just too much for my
living there's things you couldn't do
with VR pool that you need to understand
if you're actually playing pool with
real pool you need friction this looks
great
it's crazy a little bit of haptic
feedback for this to get yeah maybe the
next step look how he's using his hands
to block - that's crazy
the thing is man when when someone's
swinging on you when this fake person in
front of you Stran it's nerve-racking
you think you're gonna get hit and when
you do get hit and you see red or you
see white rather look you just ko them
it's funny watching the guy it's pretty
amazing how VR really gets immersive
like when you would like uh was it
Resident Evil video game I mean that's
scary as fuck you really think zombies
are coming after you you yeah you really
do you know that game the thing about
that game though it doesn't necessarily
think does not necessarily reward
perfect technique you just you could
kind of just do this and do that so
you'd have to like if you wanted to use
it as a workout you'd have to actually
be disciplined and use good technique
well you probably do is put gloves on
put some velcro gloves on and put the
the little fucking hand thing you know I
love clothes - they're better than the
next year - you could just duct tape it
here or - it would be in the glove yeah
itself yeah there's actually I think
it's called the knuckle controller is
the next version of the five controller
it fits around your hand like a glove
it's not doesn't mmm just goes around
your knuckles cock right if you want to
grab so we're in the same way right yeah
because when you have your hands this
way like with thumbs up thumbs up shows
the the gloves like this on the screen
for some strange reason so when you're
throwing punches it doesn't look right
they need to change that but other
because I think it's like they want you
to just do this but that's freaking me
out
but when you're actually doing it though
if it looked like your hands in the same
position as your hands it would
be a worthwhile way to learn like a guy
like Freddie Roach could literally do a
game where he showed you all right I
want to see the jab and they're like
right here right here all right pop and
then here comes the hook duck under and
then we'll go to the body go to the head
and you could do that and do drills with
a guy and actually you could pick up
real skills in a VR game especially with
boxing boxing particularly kickboxing
maybe a little less because you're
moving your legs you're not just moving
your hands like you'd have to have some
sort of sensors on your legs so I could
know what you're doing to make sure
you're not showing bad technique like
your knee might be down or you might be
doing something funky but if you have
boxing those two things are just like
gloves all you need to learn is all the
other things you need to learn how to
punch and how to move around but you can
effectively with just holding on to
those things you're staying in the same
position that you would be if you were
really boxing and you can move around
the ring too like it's a it's an area
like the size of this desk maybe like a
little bit more so it's not like you're
in one place and you don't have footwork
you could actually develop footwork too
so they could have like Vasily
lomachenko doing like foot will drills
footwork drills rather well you would
learn on a virtual-reality thing where
to step that'd be fucking badass all
that stuff that you could learn some
shit from those things I like how the
the VR is going like there's an
amusement park or up buildings now kind
of like chuck-e-cheese where it's just
VR rides now it was like oh you're
parachuting or you're on a roller
coaster and stuff I like how they're
doing that now a lot like what malls
have that now yeah yeah I've done those
I've done the little spaceship ones too
you roll a dune buggy around on the
surface of the Moon have you done the
Star Wars one in Vegas yet I guess you
actually have like five people in your
group that you can see in the game and
there's like you know everybody they
have at the Glendale Galleria they do do
the dopest one they have is that the
Disneyland the same fizzy land village
but the Disneyland village one is
there's a start Star Wars one and then
there's also a wreck-it Ralph one the
record Ralph one is fucking amazing is
the same company oh it is yeah that's it
same place so they have the Star Wars
once some time so though they'll have
like one game set up for like
weeks and then they'll have the other
game dude we went to Disneyland and that
was the dopest thing it did really yes
by far the feature fucking amazing dude
dude you wear the suit okay so you have
this vest on so your feeling when you
get hit you feel in your chest you feel
heat they have new places where you walk
through and it's like lava below you you
feel heat the Star Wars one when you're
getting shot you feel it in your chest
now shit you pick the wall and you've
got like stormtrooper arms you see
you're holding the gun in front of you
it's crazy awesome I didn't know that
was in Glendale through they're getting
so good there's still you still are
super aware that you're in a game right
for now but this you know go from pong
to fucking what what's the best Red Dead
Redemption that's probably the best
graphics I mean fucking and searing
graphics that's what is that thirty
years thirty years they went to that
these virtual reality games ten years
from now are going to be insane no one's
gonna want to be in regular life regular
life is gonna suck yeah there's not
gonna be a Disneyland or Disney Road
anymore it's just gonna be VR it'll
still be there you'll be able to get on
every ride yeah I haven't watched this
myself yet but the NBA makes viewing and
VR available now
whoa they have a home not every game but
it's like once a week they have a
particular game you can you can log in
and watch they could they change the
cameras a little bit I don't think it's
perfect yet holy SH very cool though
dude how about watching this on the
floor yeah you're on the floor and no
but the movie around so you can hear in
the footage too I think they have a
separate announcing team so they're
talking about what you're seeing versus
like listening to the normal TV oh it's
quite not there yet we filmed a couple
episodes of kill Tony and VR and we had
some of the top of the line cameras for
it and it still wasn't there yet it was
more hassle than it was worth this seems
like something that would be fucking
amazing for the UFC though oh yeah I
mean this would be amazing you basically
have your view yeah except you the cage
the cage would be in the way but there's
got to be a way that they could film
through the cage if they just had a
camera in a reinforced position where it
was far enough back
behind foam that there's no way it could
interfere someone crashed into it but
yet close enough that I could see
through an actual hole you could get the
entire octagon if you did it with
several several different ones of those
they had or they had it at least that
like it was ground like this isn't it I
guess it was a ground level I think they
call it the Phantom cam but maybe it
would had a different name
it was VR it wasn't VR no the UFC's used
it a few times they always try out
things they're very experimental
they don't always show everything
they're trying out though but problem
would say be cool to try ID one time
ideally you'd want it right in the
middle like not above or two below okay
and it would have to have can't because
it has cameras all around it so you know
that was that's hard to do with the
cameras I guess I without getting in the
way of everything yeah you would have to
you'd have to find a good spot for it
put it on a breeze buffers head and
letting just go to town well they used
to do that with pride pride used to have
like they would wear glasses with like
cameras next to the glasses and you'd
get the referee vision yeah it was crazy
it's a cool separating fighters and
breaking it up and waving the fight off
yeah that's kind of cool yeah it's
pretty badass yeah it's I guess it's
this little team marshall camp is what
it's known POV cam that shit's played at
me man sometimes yeah there's one like
that that's pointed at me oh yeah I
guess sure I've seen that there yeah
that's they use that sometimes when uh
you know when we go crazy when we jump
up with fights happening I didn't know
it was even I didn't know that's what
they did it for until one day I saw it
online I go oh that makes sense
that's a smart thing to do because
sometimes we do get animated there's
been several fights where of me annek
and and DC or dominant crews we're all
standing up like well while they're like
at the end of the commanded nez when
Amanda Nunez knocked out Chris Eyeborg
we just we were like what up yeah like
your whole body's like Jesus what the
fuck did I just see sometimes you just
can't sit down you just you're your
body's just like God
it just goes you don't you're not even
trying to control it you just let it go
when you see somebody do something
fucking insane
like there's some wild crazy Francis in
Ghana knocking out Alistair Overeem type
punch yeah yeah it's me and Dominic and
John addict and anacs up and I'm leaning
back it's a crazy job man
it's a crazy job so that was the the
moment do you see one and you see the
one below it see that they go back to
that see that one below it where I'm
staring at the camera in the upper right
no it that one there that it froze a
video taken by John Wayne Parr John
Wayne Parr who's a multiple time world
Muay Thai champion a friend of mine a
great guy who lives in Australia was
there at the fights in Australia when
Holly Holm knocked out Ronda Rousey and
he filmed Holly Holm head kicking Ronda
Rousey and then turns to me and I turned
to him and I was like what the fuck just
happened
I was like woah woah
but when you see it like in that moment
when you see when you see something that
is that fucking nuts in that moment you
like I can't even believe what I saw
like that was me like I looked at him
and he looked at me and we're like whoa
dude that was crazy there's no sport
like that so some sports just you know
they just have this this moment where
everybody gets a jolt of a drug you know
everybody just kisses you mean that
didn't happen last night at the
Superbowl for you I left before that
ended I was at a friend's party I went
to a Super Bowl party it was fun the
lowest viewed one in the last 10 years
are you serious yeah but not by a lot
but yeah it's cuz they knew that that
handsome man was gonna take his shirt
off that's his name Adam Levine it's
beautiful man's no nipples or everyone
sighs Nicholas now he has nice brown
nipples but then you're like Janet
Jackson like Yeah right that crazy
why is he love shows nipple show both
this is bullshit sexist bullshit and his
dick route this is
my god ya dick root showing that is
bullshit
he just wanted everybody know he's got
beautiful tattoos and a fairly good body
yeah he does a lot of squats though
right that's what's interesting
he's around like the greatest super
athletes in the known universe actually
looks pretty good right there for today
he was it was pretty good there's four
today was I mean he's not always around
the greatest super athletes right no no
yeah yeah yeah he looks pretty good
he looks like he's in good shape happy
to take your shirt off with his
California stomach tattoo but the point
being that guys around freaks he's
around six foot five 290 pounds super
athletes who could jump over his fucking
head they literally could run through a
hundred of him like they were paper
walls just that's what he's around he's
around the fucking Super Bowl the
greatest physical specimens in the known
universe he takes his shirt off like hey
bitches I'm here too they had an event
set up over the weekend some people
could test their 40 speed up against
other NFL times whatever they had like
it that's hilarious
who's saying bolt did it and it's in his
shoes like they said Street shoes
whatever but he didn't have cleats on he
tied the fastest ever NFL 40 yeah he's
probably doing a full stomach
he probably just ate drank a couple of
beers fuck it no I'll show these bitches
what's up yeah it's just it was weird
like watching it on TV that's dude a
shirt off you know like oh this is a
different thing now now this is like
sexy concert yeah for it was like a
football that's what I think he's
getting shit for because he didn't need
to take a shirt off right you know he
had his shirt on and then like after the
second songs like you know wet let's get
sexy in this Super Bowl you know no but
I mean why else should I make a hashtag
hashtag sexy in the Superbowl let's get
sexy up in this bitch well he's a sexy
man can't don't be hatin beautiful man
yeah I mean but but that's the whole
thing your your audience is a bunch of
guys you know sorry with jagged on well
it was cold out at first but then he
started to warm up a sweat
never trust white men with necklaces
that's my message more than one he's got
the little necklaces and bracelets the
for the Falcons to land on wait a bit
those are spiritual necklaces if you
have wooden beads for whatever reason
that makes you spiritual that hemp or
gold I can't even allowed to wear wooden
necklaces cause like people go oh you
like really and organic stuff you're
really into macro but that's gold
is it a oh yeah that's like the other
ones just weird lighting like I can't
wear necklaces man I did but bugs me did
you ever wear necklaces there were more
necklaces sure yeah it's never been a
staple but it's a it's it's a weird
thing first of all if it's if it's big
enough it's like this target right if
you have like a BHEL gold necklace
people want to steal it all right
a lot of necklace Snatchers out there
Brian if you know that yeah
but then the other thing is uh what are
you doing we don't that big old shiny
thing around your neck we doing what are
you a chick remember in the 90s chokers
were a thing and I used to wear a choker
how Christmas is like a dog joke just a
really tight necklace yeah hemp
necklaces oh yeah those are the little
bead yeah the bead at the bottom the
beads critical gotta have the bead yeah
multi-coloured bead thinking over you're
cool yeah like it's weird like with like
some guys will wear like little anklets
with like beads and they tie them off
and they'll walk around barefoot and
you're like okay huh
what's kind of like that look that you
know shop look where you have like the
really tight like your pants to go up so
you can see your socks you know you show
a little leg you know why they do that
why sneakers
those guys show off their sneakers up
full that's what Shaab told me do you do
that Jamie that's fun that's how the
pants are made that's why you don't buy
this pants man then you're not buying
pants we're denied by your ears ladies
store you bought you buy it at coach buy
those pants I can't gosh that's
hilarious
do you don't do that to you no how dare
you how dare you I have a pair of very
comfortable Under Armor running shoes on
how our vegetable Oh shoes the other day
they're little too tight for me they
bind my feet a tad bit when I got to the
store I had a swap them out for I had a
pair of Converse All Stars which you
might go to you got Yeezys right Jamie
gave me a pair of Yeezys about a year
ago you just were dead sock them as I
was cold dead stuck dead stock dead
stock oh do you know what dead naming is
you know what dead name is is that a
shoe bearing no no it's a new thing
that's illegal on Twitter this is
something I wish I knew I didn't know
until after the podcast but dead naming
is it's banned so say if you decide
tomorrow to become a woman and you're
like I'm not no longer Brian I'm Brian
inna I kinda like Rihanna that's what
you're if you thought source okay so I'd
be like okay Briana but you're still a
man and then boom that's dead naming you
can't call someone something other than
their preferred gender so like if they
identify as a woman but they're
biologically male you're not allowed to
say they're biologically male you're not
allowed to call them a man because
that's dead naming you're not allowed to
call them like you couldn't call Caitlyn
Jenner Bruce if you called her Bruce you
would be dead naming her but that's just
like that's not legal or I mean like
compander oh it's Witter Roth it is a
new please pull that out huh I did not
know this I did not know this search did
it it's been around for a while don't
check in the Twitter that's kind of
weird dead names been banned for a while
earthworm has been around I just found
out about the term maybe a couple weeks
ago it heard the term for the first time
somebody wrote dead naming I was like
what what is that and then I had a look
at how Sara dickless all the new role is
we have to fucking an article there's an
article that I was reading good there
comes a service it's directly
word-for-word in there okay where does
it say that okay dead naming of
transgender individuals repeated or
non-consensual slurs epithets racist and
sexist tropes or other content
degrade someone okay well hold on a
second
like what does degrade someone so if you
if you contact me and say hey bro you're
fuckin short you're not funny that's
degrading yeah
like is that not loud that's crazy you
have to you have to have that be allowed
we prohibit targeting individuals with
repeated slurs tropes or other content
that it tends to dehumanize degrade or
reinforce negative or harmful
stereotypes about a protected category
see that's where it comes from like
white people are not protected this
includes targeted misgendering or dead
naming I was transit transgender
individuals I love how they just went
with this a giant corporation and they
just went with some new word that's only
been around for like a month
how long has dead name had been around
for the urban dictionary added in there
from 2014 really never even heard that
they're on the ball tell you that but
yeah there's a stay ahead twitter still
allows goat season in all the porn you
won
I was interesting to me yeah well porns
consensual yeah I love that uh that's
just hilarious I love that that's all it
I love the I do love the chaos of it all
I love the fact that they're trying to
sort everything out I just think it's
the whole thing is crazy it's so bizarre
that that like they're trying to in that
sense with that like that's so vague to
dehumanize or degrade well every joke
about someone every joke about Trump
every single joke about Trump that every
single comedian and or commentator and
or person makes is in some way degrading
when you talk about how fucking stupid
he is like Rob Reiner had a joke about
him called him a piece of shit or called
him a piece of crap yesterday and said
he couldn't believe how fucking dummy is
Trump talking about Hillary though he's
doing it two hundred percent 100 percent
hundred percent so that's so vague yeah
that's so vague and dead namings not a
real word so like how are they using
fake words in this shit
they're trying to say it is now it is a
real real word yeah man I don't know if
your name used to be Bruce and you
change it to Caitlyn I can't say that
that seems bananas yeah that seems
bananas so like if you're fuckin with
somebody say somebody became a woman and
it's still an asshole I you can't call
him Mike
you know hey Mike look I'm sure you
bitter about this whole changing your
sex thing you can't bring that up but
you're still an annoying guy you just
don't have your dick anymore bye
like if someone says that they can't say
that why can't they say that they
shouldn't that's to me stupid Wow
well I'm not saying but that's hurtful I
guess to transgender people I sure and
that's considered hate right speech or
hate whatever but only but only when it
comes to like gender right like if you
could you could tell someone hey you're
short and fat and stupid and they don't
no one cares true right you could say
you you're ugly as fuck your nose is
disgusting what happens there is that
the same what is it the same thing it
might be if you do it repeatedly right
if you do once you just throw one out
there probably okay probably one time
you could shit on someone's looks get
one but it's like what like in deciding
what you can and shit on someone for
like what I'm saying is if someone's an
asshole and they're like here's a
perfect one that woman who used to be a
man she's a transgender woman who was in
a store screaming at this kid behind the
counter that it's ma'am it's ma'am this
is a perfect example of that guy was
terrified she's fucking huge and she
used to be a guy and clearly still looks
like a guy and she's saying it's fucking
ma'am like Jeff knock some shit over and
she got violent yeah in that situation
you telling me that's not cool
to say how about you settle the fuck
down because you look like a guy you're
acting like a violent guy and you used
to be a guy pardon me if I think you're
still
fucking guy that's dead naming but
that's a good thing to say in that
particular instance so without new ones
right without context but it's saying
you can't say anything to degrade
someone well clearly that would degrade
that guy but if that guy was saying fuck
that kid he did it on purpose on Twitter
you think someone can't respond
hey man I'm sure you're really upset
that you got your dick removed and you
still look like a guy but fuck you like
why can't someone say that because
that's people communicating how they
feel about you being a dick like if you
start out being a dick and then they
communicate about you being a dick by
being a dick as well
are we banning this it's their pride
just covering their butt so there's
pride not you know what like kind of
like Jamie said it's dangerous in a lot
of ways it's dangerous to control
people's thoughts and behavior because
who are you to say and when does it end
you know it just keeps going and going
and going and going it gets it gets very
slippery when you have one group that
thinks it's right and they're trying to
control another group that thinks
they're right man that is it's it seems
so simple when you just talk about dead
naming transgender people or not
degrading people based on their looks or
their ethnicity or their with this or
that but what you're doing is you're
trying to dictate how humans communicate
with each other and people don't like it
when you tell them what to do the
problem with telling people what to do
is they and want to do the exact
opposite this is one of the first things
you realize when you have kids like oh
they don't want to listen to me like I
got to figure out a way to sneak
information into them you know or you
gotta you got to figure out a way to not
be too bossy people don't want someone
telling them what to do this is what I
missed when I was edited headed into
that conversation
I missed how other people looked at that
guy and what he stands for I don't think
it's correct I think it's way more
complicated I think it's an insane
business to run it no I don't think he
really knew why Alex Jones was banned or
what anybody else was banned I don't
think he really knew I think he's
dealing with a giant corporation and
he's a young guy anywhere sandals oh
wait wait what kind of sandals there's
some weird ones connected a nice guy
like let's just choose when he runs a
couple different companies he's not he's
not sitting
Twitter that's nothing that Alex Jones
brought up today that he sponsors the
podcast through the the cash app which
he's also he also runs it's 100% true
but I would have and I think we talked
about it on the podcast we even talked
about the cash app being a sponsor and
about how it's helped Justin wrens fight
for the Forgotten charity so Alex Jones
erroneously said that I didn't mention
it we did mention it it's worth
mentioning and Alex Jones is having to
like respond to people that want to know
if I've seen what Alex Jones has said
about me lately is one of the weird
things that I've dealt with because
first of all I've always had good
dealings with Alex in person person to
person but he's obviously in a world of
shit right now there's a lot going on
with him with the Sandy Hook stuff and
he wasn't entirely honest with me about
what he had said about Sandy Hook maybe
he didn't remember maybe he was trying
to phrase it in a way other than the way
I interpreted it when I saw the videos
but there's a Media Matters video that
shows all the time where he said that
Sandy Hook was fake this is very
complicated to me this is one of the
reasons why I struggled with bringing
him back on the podcast that's very
complicated it's that is even though I'm
I've known the guy since 1998 and if I'm
around him I'd say that's my friend Alex
Jones he's a friend he's awfully he
obviously did something fucked up and
the parents that had to deal with what
he did there's parents that had to deal
with people calling them a crisis actor
they had to deal with people harassing
them at the courthouse and harassing
them if they met them in public because
they were saying that they were lying
about their kids being killed so not
only the kids being killed but they have
to deal with someone harassing them and
saying you're a liar and you're an actor
it's insanity
and I wouldn't I would think about it
differently
I've definitely think about differently
if I wasn't friends with Alex but I
would also think about it differently if
he hadn't made shit up about me he said
that I was told to stop talking
about conspiracies or they threatened my
family that's a hundred percent horse
shit and he has my phone number he could
have called me I called him after I
heard about it he told me that someone
told him that I talked to the person who
told him that I'm like this is fucking
bananas like you out of your mind
call me this is so stupid you think I'm
not talking about whatever fill in the
blank whatever ridiculous conspiracy the
Rothschilds the fucking Rockefellers
whatever it is I'm not talking about
that because the government threatened
my family that is fucking wrong it's
ridiculous and now you put it out there
so Alex Jones went on afterwards and he
apologized and corrected it then
recently because I haven't had him on
the podcast he decided to start saying
that I work for the CIA and then I'm
George soro talking points which I don't
even know what these fucking talking
points are talking points about him and
specific not talking to anybody no one's
giving me talking points not George
Soros that's not what Eddie Bravo has
been saying good he got good information
through even say that so stop for a
while though but but the point being the
point being Alex if you're out there I
still like you as a person if I saw you
I'd still give you a hug but you're
making shit up and this is this is not
helping anybody wants to defend you it's
not helping me as a person talk about
the good qualities in you and you know
these things that you're saying are made
up you're making up the fact that I'm in
the CIA you're making up for the fact
that the Hollywood insiders have given
me information and tell me what to say
that's not true
you know it's not true you know me I
don't have time to be a CIA insider I
can't take on another job in between
doing stand-up and podcasts and UFC
commentator or running a family I can't
do it I wouldn't do it I'm not
interested I'd rather stop doing
everything then work for any government
organization no-one's ever approached me
no one's ever approached anybody I've
ever heard of I don't even know if that
really happens I don't know if that's
real thing the thing is they always say
is that
the CIA would talk to the people in
Hollywood and tell them what to say in
terms of propaganda maybe I don't know I
don't have any personal knowledge of it
I'm sure someone has decided that if
they're gonna make a movie about like
zero dark thirty that they have to get
some sort of approval and I'm sure that
a lot of movies that are very
inspirational that have to do with the
military would be great for recruitment
so I'm sure there's some involvement
I'm sure there's also some Patriots that
work in show business
that want to put out these movies about
the government and about the military in
a very positive way that's probably the
case in some instances too but not
everything's a fucking conspiracy and
this is why it's stupid and why it's
stupid is some things aren't fucking
conspiracy and Alex Jones has talked
about some things that were real
conspiracies that 9/11 documentary the
road to tyranny details the World Trade
Organization protests where they sent in
these agent provocateurs that which are
essentially soldiers they send in
soldiers and military people dressed up
in all black and cover their face and
they smash windows and tip over things
and they take a peaceful protest and
they turn it violent so then the police
can move in and shut down the protest
and then not only did they do that but
they made a no protest zone in the
United States of America a no protest
zone what's it the United States of
America was it Vancouver was it was
Seattle I think I thought Vancouver no I
think it's Seattle World Trade
Organisation protests out with the boots
and the shoes yeah that shit but Alex
detailed this in detail and it was real
when he makes things up like there was
one recently the David Pakman show had
on about Alex talking about people
eating babies pituitary glands and
scattered vans and of downtown Seattle
yeah Seattle see the enforcer no protest
zone that was in 2009 in 1999 rather was
it 99 yeah December 1st 1999 the October
27 2009 was the article yeah Alex did
that that was real that was legit and it
was very informative because I didn't
know that that is how the government
operated sometimes did you
contact him in the second time and go
with the fun Stockton I sent him a text
message said this is why I won't talk to
you you say crazy stupid shit like this
but I don't hate the guy he's you know
he'll scream and yell and call me a
demon he's not a good place you're not
in a good place when you're defending
against that and what all these other
conspiracies like it's all fun and games
until you're talking about people's kids
getting murdered and then all of a
sudden people are like fuck you and
that's basically what happened with him
if he was just ranting about government
conspiracies or you know who shot this
guy or who's stealing money from here
some of what he talks about is
beneficial but alex is not I don't think
he's in a good place I don't think he's
in a good place mentally and I don't I
don't think he's in a good place in
terms of his situation with the law I
don't hate you Alex Jones if you listen
to this if I saw you I'd still give you
a hug I'll still even do your fucking
show when I come to Austin I don't care
you can we can come and hang out but
just stop making shit up it's silly and
you know I'm sorry if there's bad stuff
between us I'm more sorry of what you
said about those kids I'm sorry about
everything
I'm it's it's unfortunate it's all
terrible now something like that what's
the road to redemption for someone like
that because some this is the thing
about people is and I think this is also
what's going on with Alex people need a
road to redemption like if if someone
fuck's up horribly and does something
terrible should that be the end of them
this idea that we don't need them
anymore no matter who it is I mean what
what does a person have to do to grow
and learn and for for people just accept
them again and let them onto all
platforms again what what what does a
person have to do it's a real good
question I think it's per person no like
somebody like Alex just seems like he's
getting worse and worse like this seems
like what he did teach us U is doing it
to me anatomy because I haven't had him
on I'm sure he asked you or if he was in
town I'm sorry if this is snow no do you
not listening I said I didn't want to
have a bond I was trying to figure out
what
would have him on but when I watched the
Media Matters video it was very clear to
me he wasn't being asked him if he had
said that it was fake and he said he
questioned whether or not it was real
but then eventually he acknowledged that
it was real which he has done but there
was many times where he said it was fake
not one many times it's absolutely fake
it was 100% fake there's video of it I
didn't see the video before we did our
911 podcast I've seen it now and I still
thought about having him on I still
thought about talking to him about it
and talking to him about all this shit
and what it's like
I think it's he plays a character
honestly I don't think so I mean with
the reptile guys and people and the
things that he says none of it half of
it's just like what the fuck are you
talking about I think he he definitely
goes goes crazy with some things but I
don't think he's doing well
but he was talking about eating babies
pituitary glands but see if you found a
David Pakman video David Pakman who's a
progressive commentator online he he was
going look something's wrong with him
like he's playing this video like what
he's talking about them breaking into
morgue what is happening now Alex jump
yeah see if you can find the part on the
video where Alex is talking it's early
on sounds like schizophrenia
it sounds like any episode of live PD or
cops you know and people are talking
like I saw aliens upstairs in the house
you know like the other guy Owen
Benjamin look at him so you play this
place real quick it's all in plain view
of these people they're just put in our
face they want a system where we can't
do anything to stop them that's like
Bill Maher the name of his production
company is a kid love which is an animal
slogan basically then he makes show just
about having sex with kids all the time
and then it says it's okay to have sex
with you no kids didn't have sex 35 year
olds under 12 just incredibly outrageous
evil pathetic stuff of these soulless
demons but like Bill Maher but Josh was
saying he had a theory the only what
walnut sauce is and irony you say it's
the pituitary gland because they confirm
the jimmy savile and
would torture all kids to death but if
they couldn't get regular ones to kill
if everything was a grab a kid run over
the cars they could say oh there's a
police reporter on our but they would
hurry to the morgue
they work with different different
governmental morgues and eat the
pituitary gland as quickly as possible
and get high off of it so yes yeah okay
okay that's yeah this first of all Bill
Maher is not a fucking pedophile this is
this is crazy this is like a weird
rambling and this is not Alex that I
knew from 1998 it's just not it's not
the same guy this is a guy's not doing
well so my apology as a human being -
Alex Jones if you were hurt that I
didn't have you back on the show if you
were hurt that I occasionally poked fun
at you I have - you're hilarious
unfortunately but I don't hate you don't
wish you wish you badly and back in the
day I enjoyed a lot of stuff people lose
their way you know so I think that it's
a real bad feeling being stuck on the
outside - when they all band together
and kick you out and everybody kicks you
out everybody Twitter or Facebook and
everybody and YouTube and Twitter was
the last one but uh that was Jack Dorsey
didn't even know why Alex Jones got
kicked off of Twitter and people like
will let him back in then like yeah but
somebody knows yeah like somebody like I
don't think Jack Dorsey is really the
guy who's looking at each individual
person that gets banned I just have a
feeling that that stuff is
compartmentalized right 7 million
monthly active users yeah right but how
many people are responsible for banning
people and real high-profile people
I'm sure there's a whole like maybe 12
people they have to have a meeting then
they you know maybe they talk to Jack
maybe they don't maybe they it's a
positional who yeah right and he maybe
he doesn't we don't know I'll ask that
for sure but maybe he didn't know when
people got banned until he like maybe
got a company memo maybe he wasn't
involved
in the of course maybe I don't know
maybe he's the one who called him up and
said get rid of this motherfucker that's
possible too look here's another one
right here's one that people had an
issue with and one thing you could say
okay like when Kathy Griffin held up the
the Trump head remember that mm-hmm did
she do that on her own Twitter account
uh yeah she yeah well I mean she always
did a photo of it when she posted it
supposed to an Instagram Twitter I think
it was on both I'm not percent sure
right so that it's is it allowed it's
allowed because it's newsworthy because
it's a celebrity and the celebrity is
threatening a public figure who's also
the most powerful person in the world so
it's okay that why that is I think she
posted it cuz it was an art piece that
was kind of controversial oh no no I
know that that's when I'm sad why
they're saying why is it okay why is she
still allowed to be on the platform and
Alex Jones gets kicked off that's a it's
an interesting question right like what
do you need to do to get kicked off cuz
that's not the only thing that Kathy has
done recently she was one of the people
that was calling for the name for that
young boy who was with that Native
American in front of his face beating
the drum she's crazy responsible you
know I'm sure she feels bad about it now
in retrospect especially if she's watch
the video but she got carried away and
she thought what we all thought we saw
the picture there's smirking cunt of a
kid that got in the face this beautiful
indigenous man is singing his his rain
dance cry whatever the fuck he's doing
yeah that's not what it was though we we
found out afterwards it was much more
complicated what is their song what were
they saying it sounded cool they should
make a record yeah like this do you like
that shit that shit's cool to listen to
when you work out if you get like some
some legit Native American chance like
that put you into a trance right if you
don't know what they're saying you just
go running a list of that take a little
couple topes
go for go for a jog in the woods listen
to native american chants and your ear
pods that was an interesting video that
because i mean i was a 180 and after
just hearing the second side of the
still
12 hours later and people still we're
calling for that guy's head yeah and
people I saw someone who said what's his
name Ron Perlman no who's the guy who
was Hellboy yeah Ron Perlman Ron Perlman
was like motherfuckers are telling me
that I'm not seeing what I'm seeing and
she said something about some white
prick or will white motherfucker like
people try so hard like you you are
seeing what you're seeing yeah you're
seeing what you're seeing but what
you're not seeing is a video it shows
how it occurred it's all it is yeah you
know so why is that okay right why is
that okay why is it okay for some
journalists to say horrible things about
white people why is it okay why is that
okay
seems weird what if it encourages
violence against a innocent white person
just one should you be responsible what
if they say why did you do that well I
read blah blah blahs tweet and I was
like you know what I am gonna go out and
punch a white person fuck that I just
found some white old lady not beat her
ass like if someone decides that you're
not responsible for that are you
probably not but you gotta kind of feel
like you played a part in the way people
look at things especially people that
are very easily influenced you know it's
just also it's gross you read something
really racist against white people like
that's gross like you think all people
are like that a whole group of people
that don't have as much melanin they're
all shit that's a ridiculous you're a
ridiculous person I don't care if you're
brown or black or yellow and you're
ridiculous that's silly so we have to
decide it's got to decide like what the
fuck we're doing if we keep letting
illogical behavior be normal like
breaking us off into fucking groups like
that and thinking that you know all men
are great or all women or gray or all
gays are great and never all straight
cisgendered men can go fuck themselves
all right
that's that silly talk I don't care who
you are
you're not allowed to do that but we let
people do that if they're a part of a
marginalized class if someone's a part
of a marginalized class then you get to
shit on everybody
in a weird way you get to like reinforce
racism it's really it's so fucking
counterproductive to because if you do
that then it just makes people just get
defensive on the other side they don't
want to even think or empathize with how
you are social medias really made
everything annoying hasn't it I think
great too though yeah both do Twitter
it's like like we're saying when someone
says something dumb like Trump will say
something dumb sometimes and I'll just
go there for the memes and I'll just
read his post and it'll get me going the
more I'll get like 15 minutes of haha
probably missed this story yesterday if
you're hurting that 21 Savage News got
deported right because everyone found
out yesterday that he's apparently from
the UK and so like the story there's two
stories that is part of the story but
memes of him being from the UK and a
British rapper that's supposedly from
Atlanta really took over to the fact
like Demi Lovato tweeted it and she got
shit on and she's deleted her twitter
now because of the responses did you
know who this guy was before no but I'm
51 years old
oh man number one I know shit number one
right record and now like in the country
really yeah but you're on black Twitter
sure sure yeah oh yeah my follow a lot
of them I don't know any of these like
tech nines and sushi for I got fucked
that dication six nine he's fucked maybe
what do you mean made what if and he's
he's talking to my colonic he's still
fucked he's he's he's going to jail for
a long time with a tattoo of 6-9 on his
face he's going to jail he's gonna have
real problems that ain't good there the
man do you read the list of charges
there's a murder involved yeah
murder conspiracy love him supposedly
calling a hit on someone oh Jesus Christ
oh my god oh he's fucked Matt even if he
cooperates if they put a hit on someone
cuz he said it Jesus he was you know he
won't get like the death penalty but now
he owes me like life in prison you know
say someone's a flashlight yeah
yeah it's a real problem soldier boys in
jail too isn't he is for what got
arrested I didn't he beat up his girl
and his girl beat him up oh no no that
was a little bow-wow you son of a bitch
you just shamed Soulja Boy for no reason
with your shitty pot addled memory he's
right
I know his little bow-wow no there was
something else he's accused of
kidnapping a woman Oh kidnapping I'm
sorry so you got the stories completed
kidnapping is even worse he tied a girl
to a chair using an extension cord and
kept her for six or seven hours in his
garage whoa yeah oh he's going to jail
forever from what'd he do that for that
someone's daughter wouldn't do that for
jealousy I think it said this is
apparently according to celebrity news
outlet the woman whose name I will not
say apparently was backing out of a
driveway and her car hit Soulja stelae
home when she hit the curb at his house
when she hit the curb from that point on
his assistant reportedly became upset
and started fighting with her from there
Soulja allegedly stepped outside and
tried to break up the fight the woman
says that he began punching and kicking
her when she was on the ground and then
tied her up for six hours
God Soulja Boy well at least Nintendo
one wish that cooler heads would prevail
but that sounds like that sounds like a
fucking disaster
yeah Jesus Christ you never hear about
the spin doctors causing any problems
right guys she hit a curb this whole
started she did she hit occur with his
car something
she's curb one of his wheels wasn't
enough information on there yeah yeah
she probably curbed one of his wheels
probably was a nice car and she did know
what the fuck she was doing a good job
as you can what a dick
tied her up and beat her up that's crazy
allegedly allegedly right right right
you got to always say that denied by
this did you see that video that old man
putting the ice on the ground and then
pretending you fell oh that's yeah
allegedly brilliant allegedly allegedly
there's no allegedly led for that it's
amazing it's amazing to watch because
you didn't know there was a security
camera there
try to collect yeah there's a lot of
people that do that man I've seen videos
and people doing that at the mall they
like throw a drink down and then slide
down on the drink we had a guy do it
once at a movie theater I worked at and
we had it on video also and we just
showed him the video and then he left
and never heard anything about it but he
was bitching up a storm like he was hurt
watch me sky
he's guy's hilarious so he's walking he
looks around Chuck some ice in the
ground a little bit of iced and no big
dam just gonna go over here la-dee-da
duh okay I love this she'll watch this
he looks around make sure no one's
looking oh even felt like a bitch my
back that cloning is the most ridiculous
look at that silly silly silly man the
thing about those guys is like anybody
that does that kind of shit I think the
cops all they have to do is go sure
what's your social security number and
they they look up all the shit that he's
also done yeah like you don't daddy
that's just a little bit of a scam
that's a guy's been scam and it's like
like in Russia and stuff for other
countries where everyone's doing the
insurance scams and so it to the point
where everybody has to have dash cams on
their car now yeah just triggered a
story I heard over the weekend there was
a not it's I think this is a story
happening in Houston where the cops
broke into a house where they had heard
that there was there they think they had
a warrant report was that neighbors had
called in black tar heroin sales or
something like that at this house so
they broke in without knocking it was
like a no-knock warrant the guy is like
57 in the house here's someone break
into his house it's a shotgun shoots one
of the cops they kill him his wife is
like what the fuck's going on
she goes to try to grab the other cops
gun that had just fallen she gets shot
Oh
two people are dead and they didn't find
any heroin Oh
Jews there's like some weed in there or
something like that oh and some people
are like they didn't have a history of
doing much from what I rep that swai I
thought of it because they looked back
with these guys do they have an arrest
history or anything and I wasn't
anything that they had found at least
when I read about it do you remember the
one where there was a mayor outside of
Washington DC and he they were using his
house as an address and it was something
with the mail delivery guy was running
and so the mail delivery guy would come
by and the package was addressed to him
but he would just keep the package
because he knew like that that this was
this guy's house it was on his route and
that way you know as the package came in
the mail would be his to deliver but
instead of delivering it he would hold
on to it so they break into the mayor's
house no you know the holster sold a
shoot his fucking dogs shoot his dog and
he had like one of my dogs like Marshall
she's like a super duper sweet dog
either yellow lab which is real similar
I think was yellow lab might have been
golden retriever
either way they fucking shot at least
one of his dogs how they not know it was
the mayor's house you think that would
be like like Google shit or maybe people
did maybe they thought fucking the
mayor's a drug dealer yeah maybe they
really thought that but that kind of
shit is dark man we just go shoot a
golden retriever come on you're not a
pussy and I know you're going in there
because you think this is a real drug
running operation cuz the cops just got
bad information right but you're not a
pussy you don't have to shoot a fucking
Labrador stop you think that thing's
gonna bite you well when it does shoot
at then so I'm gonna buy you the fuck
out of here that's a weird power trip
shit thing you shoot all dogs no if look
if a guy's got a wolf and it's off the
chain it's running at you yeah shoot it
right oh you're breaking into some guy's
house and then you shoot his fucking dog
what if you're wrong like you are a lot
you cool with shooting someone's fucking
dog in front of their kids that's what
happened to the the mayor of this town
the fucking mayor I bet the guy was the
mail carrier just thought it was cute to
use the mayor's address get all the weed
delivered maybe didn't maybe he voted
for his opponent thought it was safer to
do it that way oh did you get a Tesla
you just driving around it I got one
tell me how do you like it do your loss
truce
I had to get one I told you long Moscow
would get one guy did my podcast I
almost saw it mm-hmm
I'm a man of my word it's a fucking
spaceship it's the weirdest thing I've
ever driven in my life it doesn't even
make sense it's not even not even
there's not a single car that I've ever
driven this even close to as fast
nothing like my Porsche is so slow I
have a gt3
rs it has 518 horsepower at least 3000
pounds it sounds like a dragon and that
Tesla would leave it in the dust I mean
leave it in the dust like zero to sixty
two seconds quicker it's fucking insane
it out of uh no Ludacris no yeah I did I
put it in chill mode for a little boy
but you could drive chill with ludicrous
mode always available you don't switch
him back ludicrous mode is just crazy
correct like the fastest and it kills
your battery well it kills your battery
quicker but the thrust that you get is a
rollercoaster ride
it's insane I mean you can't believe how
fast it is
it doesn't even it literally doesn't
make sense it doesn't seem right it
seems like like it's punching its way
through a wormhole using alien
technology meanwhile I posted it seems
like something Bob Lazar snuck out of
area 51 I get all these messages from
people Bob Lazar has been debunked
that's controlled opposition that's a
fake story it's fake news bro they got
you with the Bob Lazar story do you like
all the tech in it I mean that's the
same one it's too much almost because
it's this giant screen like I had a dim
it way the fuck down because I was just
looking at like it's so pretty my dream
car it's very comfortable
how long do / comfortable now do you
have a supercharged station at your
house yet or do I look thing on the wall
at my house that I could plug it into
it's on a supercharger it takes like
eight hours and hours more and how many
miles but I'm gonna get one of those I'm
gonna get one of those fast charger in
the house yeah it goes allegedly listen
I mean allegedly 311 miles you have that
fuel but there's a problem I Drive like
a moron so it's not going that far did
you get is there a fuel option for that
model it like are you I think is a fuel
add-on that gives you an extra like oh
that you that's an option I thought you
meant fuel like gasoline yeah there's a
less I know what are you talk some
models not Tesla okay yes making shit
out bro
some some I figure which car it is
electric cards like yesterday extra for
like one gallon of gas so like if you
ever lose your battery
I have heard of that yeah yeah what was
that I thought Tesla had that no no no
there was like yes my Priuses are mixed
they're hybrids Priuses used gasoline
but a very stingy amount of gasoline and
they run partially on electric motors so
do the Acura NSX the Acura NSX has two
electric motors but I think you don't
ever charge it
I think the electric motors are powered
by the gasoline engine and electricity
in the car if I remember right that's
supposed to be the motherfucker like the
Acura NSX is supposed to be the car that
people are under look under looking for
whatever reason it just doesn't get the
love that it deserves and apparently the
2019 model is even more insane I can't
wait to the day where like your garage
floor is like a wireless charging mat
you just pull right up into the mat or
they what never would be because it's
rubber well there I'm sure you'll find a
way because like there's that there's
there's like if you if you take your
phone and put on a wireless charger
there's like a little room that if you
don't you don't have to touch it like
maybe that's the whole reason why you're
safe from getting hit by lightning bro
yeah like that the rubber protects you
from electricity Park though a little
thing comes down to the ground like a
little baby
yes that thing falls out while you're
driving a little bollocks your car over
order like if the streets like if
somehow like if you're riding on the
highway and if you'd want to fuel up
that you can like fuel up using the road
yeah I paid like a fee or something
right well really ideally it would be
great if solar panels had gotten so
powerful they can charge it just with
the Sun especially because Southern
California is always fucking sunny
except for today but it's a matter of
time that the car is the future that's
what it is it really is look I'm a giant
fan of American muscle cars they're my
all-time favorite cars in terms of like
to drive to hear the rumble of the
engine and that I love them I love them
maybe I'm some crazy old dude from the
fucking 80s that still loves 1960s
muscle cars maybe I don't care I love
them but that fucking cars the future
that Tesla's the future look when you
drive it you realize oh other cars are
stupid is theirs that that's that new
aroma new crazy rocket they do
and shooting Rockets on his backyard is
that his house is there anything that
you don't like on that were something
that kind of bugs you you that you wish
was like I don't you know I don't like
how there's no door handles you know no
no no nothing you just got to figure it
out it just takes a little while to
figure out what all yeah different
buttons do and how to how to get things
to happen but it's really well thought
out
it's it look he's a legit genius you
know and what he's doing is
unprecedented and you know this is gonna
sound like I'm kissing his ass cuz I
like him because he did the podcast and
I became friends with him no but he's
important the guy's got ideas that are
of a magnitude that dummies like you and
me are never gonna come up with any of
those ideas ever if we lived a thousand
lives we would never figure out SpaceX
it's just not in our wheelhouse
we would never make a fucking electric
car we never make one of those things
never may get that Tesla Roadster that's
going to come out that goes zero to 60
in 1.9 seconds and and looks like like a
spaceship like a like a race car
spaceship from the future we're not
doing that to it we need people like
that those guys are super important this
guy is a he's like a culture changer
like a legit culture changer he got him
to smoke weed Jesus he wanted to I'm
looking for it the new Toyota Supra
Supra
the new one looks dope so this is the
SpaceX rocket yeah so Speight what does
it say at the top it says built a
stainless steel rocket ship in Texas
that looks like liquid silver and might
launch in February didn't it whip year
what day is this article January 11th
companies yeah okay it fell over yeah I
know that they've been doing stuff more
with it but how cool it looks it looks
like but I mean it Janelle it fell on
the ground
yeah yeah it got blown over the wind it
looks like a drawing for a rocket from
the 1907 if you did on purpose but it
looks just like a wrong it it looks like
a fucking movie like Buck Rogers that's
a book Rogers rocket right it looks dope
though
dude that driving that car really feels
like like the future and did you get the
best model or is what that one of course
you did but uh yeah I got the model SP
100 DS what it's called I paid off my
car I might just sell him mmm get one of
those so people have a place to park it
that has a little charge boy yeah I mean
I have an hour outlet how they could
probably invert it yeah yeah there's a
couple super chargers in Burbank yeah
there's one across the street but it's
always taken I don't know what though
you know what's weird man passing by gas
stations and going I'm never gonna use
you with this yeah I'm never pulling in
there unless I want a soda look at that
thing
that's like a tall 0-60 in 1.9 seconds
and I'm telling you man that's not an
unrealistic number 620 miles yes wait
when's this come out a couple years oh
it's gonna be a while I'm gonna get 100%
I'll buy your old wing this is such a
dope car man it doesn't he makes it why
does it not have a side mirror it's got
no side mirrors as cameras fuck
surrounding of it probably does shut
your mouth
I tell you goddamn side merry sons of
pies I love my camera cameras on my car
I don't even use my side mirrors it's so
much better having that look at that
thing how much is that 620 mile I don't
know probably stupid expensive look how
pretty it is it's too pretty to be cheap
look how fucking sick that thing looks
look at it God I mean it look it's like
the ultimate sports car like that looks
like a that easily could be a new 911
like from that angle particularly and
then the roof comes off I couldn't say
gamer seats look at those gamer seats
right there well not only that but well
that's what racing seats anyway but
that's why they were racing seats first
and then became gamers but the steering
wheels wonky the steering wheels like
like a f1 like a Formula One car see it
oh it's like square yeah yeah it's like
you grab it by the handles maybe they
want to make sure that you don't do this
kind of shit like you this is so fast
you probably need to hold onto it in a
different way dude I'm telling you that
the car that I that I got I've never
experienced anything like that before
you don't think it's real you don't
think a car can do that doesn't make any
sense well I should went at $45,000
oh damn drop that chatter oh my gosh
that's 5 plus the $5,000 Oh 250 yeah
yeah it's probably gonna sell out in 5
seconds to pay it every every dickhead
in Hollywood will have one
look at me I'm environmentally conscious
but still sexy look at my beans they're
gonna open shirt I went into a vault the
other day as an uber now is amazed by
that yeah they're pretty sweet I think
that's a hybrid right yes they know yeah
I mean I had like 5 different cameras
and it's pretty sweet did he ask him how
long the range is yeah it wasn't as good
as I think it was like 2:30 I think he
said that's not bad though if you're
driving around Hollywood you could
probably get a whole night yeah and you
know if you're a Burin howdy just
announced theirs yesterday with a Super
Bowl commercial oh it looks nasty I've
seen it looks for honesty yeah it looks
nasty like Jackie Jackson nasty or bad
nasty miss Jackson it's like I'm
thinking of the r8 look at stupid crap
that actually looks like a regular
Audi's what it looks like but uh howdy
Google outtie electric sports car
there's one that doesn't look bad that
looks like a standard SUV that looks
pretty good
it's the mile on that thing what's the
mileage the range the range is
everything and these fucking exactly cuz
if it's anything below like 300 miles
comparing it it's offering the amount of
time he charges and what it takes to
harder to get certain things
oh the Model S trying to final model
excellent does 144 miles and does 160
miles that ain't good and it's on that
trip on that's kind of charger something
dude there's your estimate that ain't
good after 30 minutes that's only after
30 minutes oh how much you get in 30
minutes well that's not that's pretty
good okay so you can get 160 miles where
the charge in 30 minutes that's not bad
fast yeah that's a long time though if
you got to go somewhere if you're in a
rush you can't just pull it and get gas
but you don't want the kind of power
that would it take I mean you imagine
how many dipshit that's it that's that's
the Audi look at that thing Brian
okay I like that like that better now
that's that's the e-tron one so it's
basically an Audi r8 a next generation
Audi r8 go to that yeah and the one yeah
that's what it looks like that's a
nasty-looking car it's a dope electric
eat Ron that says night that says mm six
inches with when they announced it back
it like the car shows and whatnot it's
probably what they're calling see Google
see if it actually is a real thing or is
it still just a concept because they
always like there's a lot of those cars
they'll disappoint the shit out of you
279 me up miles oh so it's a real thing
when is it available I wonder when
that's coming out and I said 2020 right
there hmm
20 22 yeah so that's probably the same
time the Roasters coming out but look
how they get your dick hard years in
advance yes you could have ordered it in
2050 so rude though man
so rude to get your dick hard so far in
advance yeah you know like if you like
yeah I'm gonna be fucking super
environmental but I'm gonna just show
everybody what's up I'll be stunting
just do you see the new Volkswagen dune
buggy that looks pretty fun no what is
that it's a it's just announced I'm not
sure if when it's for sale or if it's
for sale but it looks pretty fun it's it
looks like a classic dune buggy but they
Volkswagen date and it has no roof but
it looks like a little fun car I don't
know third see a picture of that and I
yeah all right it's a new one yeah so
it's looks kind of cool right whoa you
could drive that on the road yeah so
it's a road car but is it still a dune
buggy 20 25 again teasin you
sons-of-bitches
that looks fun well they were supposed
to announce the new Bronco everybody
thought it was gonna happen at the
Detroit Auto Show yeah but it came and
had it came and went with no Bronco that
makes no sense though because it's
actually on their website like they were
gonna announce it soon for sale I
thought I don't think they said that
they were gonna
we don't have it down you know sometimes
when they were working on these
experimental vehicles they they'll
develop something but then they don't
like certain aspects of it or then maybe
they're aware of a competitor's work
that might come out with more horsepower
so they have to like for instance like
the the gt500 from Ford it was on its
way out they were they were gonna put it
out the new one but they were saying
that it has over 700 horsepower that's a
they never say that they always give you
the exact specific number they always
say 750 horsepower is coming in 2020
their website okay but they didn't it
didn't show it I'm not gonna make a
special day for it dad that I might be
interested okay it's gonna be nasty
looking see what it looks like yeah it
looks cool as fuck their mentions of it
right it's the Ford website doesn't have
pictures of it because they haven't
released it yet
but was they just saying what was I just
saying I said we're talking about what
before the Bronco the Volkswagen Beetle
Bug no you were saying I don't remember
Jam you fucked me about how that's King
pushed back because you know somebody
who might like this car is faster yeah
that's right the Shelby the gt500 they
said it's only set it's over 700
horsepower the reason why they said that
it's because Dodge came out with the
demon and then they came out with some
other version of the Hellcat that's also
like 800 horsepower so if you come out
with only 700 horsepower it's hard
because as ridiculous as that sounds
some people gotta think yeah but it's
not the zero or one that's got 750 or
it's not that this sort of that so they
they haven't said exactly what the
horsepower rating is because they're
still trying to juice it up that might
be the case of the Bronco - they might
be trying to fix things and juice things
up but look how good that looks red with
the black stripes and good luck see that
car is a reckless person's car that's
the difference between that and like a
Tesla what's exciting about that car the
way it looks that is a ridiculous
person's car that's how you drive around
every day
you a fucking madman you're probably a
little tipsy sometimes you drive
you know you might smoke cigarettes you
definitely smoke cigars
you know you probably order shots right
that's a ridiculous person it's a fun
ass fucking car but yeah keto on
weekends look at the transmission not
only is it an automatic it's a wheel
it's a wheel they spin to drive like
fuck you first of all give me a goddamn
stick shift like an American I want a
stick shift with the fucking American
flag as the boot of the stick shift it's
one of the last places on the planet we
could still get a goddamn stick shift
sports car what is for do they're
released at gt500 with an automatic how
dare you don't talk to me about paddles
well you can shift it manually with the
paddles
that's not a manual transmission sir
that's shifting and with the paddles
what's my left foot doing should I
pretend how about give me a fake clutch
fake clutch where I could pretend they
look dope though okay good that silver
look sexy silver with the black stripes
goddamn it the red one with the black
stripes too so these come out later this
year at the end of the year kind of yeah
I think so
are they I guess they haven't announced
it yet so I don't think they've
announced a specific data comes out but
it looks like it's got wider bodywork
too doesn't it like the fenders are
wider in the rear in the front but you
if you want if you don't want to wait
you can get something even more powerful
that is available right now with a
manual transmission you get the Shelby
Super Snake Google that you want to see
America at its rock-hard finest mm 19 or
18 Shelby Super Snake 800 motherfucking
horsepower wide-body Mustang with a
manual transmission and they say don't
even fuck with the automatic because the
automatic transmission is the
transmission from a regular automatic
Mustang and it just doesn't know what
the fuck to do okay I mean it's just
it's it's confused by this thing the car
is 800 horsepower turn that volume up
whoo
yeah that's not to me that's sexy but
not worth 117 pounds
communist mouse that is a monster of a
car good lord that's a beautiful thing
and your Tesla can you download sound
effects that sounds like that no nor
just farts you don't want that you want
to just just be cool just chill Tesla's
like you're you're a man of leisure
you're a man of leisure and driving
around comfortable and quiet as it flies
around it's like it's going through a
wormhole everywhere you drive it very
strange car register you tried the
self-driving it um nerve-racking isn't
it happen Pereira took me on it once and
it's pretty scary yeah Brian Cowen does
that things beating off a lot which
driver put porn on that big screen I
hear you can no I think that's great you
imagine just driving people around
autopilot is beating off the porn in
that giant ass screen does it have a web
browser in it and seems like I haven't
even looked man I'm sure it does
something yeah you could probably get
online if it's parked or something
ridiculous like that
it's a crazy car but it's it's it seems
like such a leap from anything that I've
ever driven before like I've never I've
never experienced anything remotely
close to it so let's go fucking play
some quake Hey so I said everything I
wanted to say about the the Jack Dorsey
thing I've said everything I want to say
to Alex Jones
so my olive branch extended to you mr.
Jones I wish you well in this life and
everybody else will do better we're
gonna definitely have Jack back on and
we're gonna have Jack back on and review
some of these cases with some of the
people that are in charge with it of it
rather and we're going to compile a list
we're going to try to get someone to
compile a list of what they think would
be contradictory cases or hypocritical
cases or interesting cases or just fuel
for conversation and we'll figure it out
and and yeah the cash apps one of the
sponsors of the podcast I'm 99.9% sure
we said that
I'm not positive we did because we
talked about Justin Ren's fight for the
Forgotten charity about what that code
word Rogan is doing for pygmies in the
Congo when they do that I swear to you
even though you don't have to believe me
that did not affect how I talked to that
guy I don't have a problem getting
sponsors I got plenty of sponsors it's a
good sponsor I like them they do good
things they donate five dollars to UFC
fighter Rey Borg sons medical bills for
every time someone uses the code Joe
Rogan so I like them if I had them as a
sponsor and I couldn't talk freely with
him I would be happy if they dropped me
I would be way happier for them to drop
me then I would for me to say something
different or not say something because
their sponsor the begin that sounds very
self-serving like you would say that
right but it's true
that's all I can tell you all right so
that's it for today bye see you bite
everybody I
[Music]
[Applause]